# Andela Solar Project

Andela Solar is a backend web application created in a hurry by a team on the bench at Andela. This application collects 
energy analytics data for solar panels every hour.

**Notes:**

- The project accepts data for registered panels only, and to register a panel, a serial number along with latitude and
longitude is required. The serial number must be exactly 16 characters in length (for ex. AAAA1111BBBB2222); latitude 
and longitude should contain 6 decimal places and must have valid values within latitude range (-90 to 90) and longitude
range (-180 to 180) respectively.

- The frontend application is excluded from the current scope. It is a separate, fully-functional application handled 
by another team, and we do not want to modify it.

**Tasks:**

1. The frontend team want to display a panel's historical data in a chart, in which each point represents electricity 
generated by this panel each day [sum, min, max, average of hourly kilowatt values], up to the end of the previous day.
Your goal is to implement the backend part of this task. The API specifications are already there in the code as agreed 
with the frontend team.

2. There are a few bugs in the application that you need to fix. 

3. Increase unit test coverage to reach at least 90%.

4. Update this README to add a description of how your implementation takes into consideration the handling of massive 
requests for historical charts, because each time data is aggregated from hourly records to generate daily data, the 
operation overloads the server. Please describe how your solution optimizes this operation without necessarily adding 
new servers.

5. Implement CI/CD pipeline for Andela Solar so that anytime code is pushed to a feature or the master branch, it triggers
a deployment of the project to a PaaS like Heroku. Also, describe how you'd upload your code coverage report to a service.

## Pre-requisites:

- PHP >= 7
- Laravel >= 5.6
- MySQL >= 5.6
- Xdebug

## Setup instructions:

- Add your local database password to the .env file.

- Create your database using your prefered MySQL client

- In the Terminal / Command Line, navigate to this directory (The directory containing README.md) and run the following commands:

```bash
composer install
php artisan migrate
php artisan serve
```

- You can then access the api using your preferred tool (Postman, Curl, etc).

## Testing:

- Add your local database password to the .env.testing file.

- Create your testing database using your prefered MySQL client

- In the Terminal / Command Line, navigate to this directory (The directory containing README.md) and run the following commands:

```bash
composer install
php artisan migrate
php artisan serve
```

## Evaluation:

Your work will be evaluated based on the following criteria;

- Implementation of new feature
- Bug fixes
- Unit test coverage
- Continuous integration/deployment implementation
- Performance and the scalability of the project
